README.md, before:

# Stability Platform contracts

Stability is asset management, liquidity mining and yield farming platform. Users can deposit funds to vaults that built by other users.
Vaults use tokenized developed asset management strategy logic.

**Contracts are currently being developed. Alpha version is not deployed yet.**

## Strategy development

See the unified list of implemented strategies and those proposed for implementation on the [Strategies](https://book.stabilitydao.org/strategies.html) page in the [Stability Book](https://book.stabilitydao.org).

You can learn how to develop strategies for the platform by reading the [guide](./src/strategies/README.md).

## Core development

### Guide

[Core Developer's guide](./src/core/README.md)

### Tasks

* [#5 Alpha](https://github.com/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/issues/5)
* [#6 Beta](https://github.com/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/issues/6)
* [#7 Bridge](https://github.com/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/issues/7)

Further plans for the development of the platform core can be read in the [Roadmap](https://book.stabilitydao.org/roadmap.html).

## Coverage

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/graph/badge.svg?token=HXU4SR81AV)](https://codecov.io/gh/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts)

![cov](https://codecov.io/gh/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/graphs/tree.svg?token=HXU4SR81AV)

## Versioning

* Stability Platform uses [CalVer](https://calver.org/) scheme **YY.MM.MINOR-TAG**
* Core contracts and strategies use [SemVer](https://semver.org/) scheme **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**

Commit message:

[no ci] contributing guide,, update strategy development guide

README.md, after:

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts/graph/badge.svg?token=HXU4SR81AV)](https://codecov.io/gh/stabilitydao/stability-platform-contracts)

# Stability Platform contracts

> Asset management, liquidity mining and yield farming platform.
> Users invest funds to vaults that are created by other users.
> Vaults use tokenized developed asset management strategy logics.
> -- [Stability Book](https://book.stabilitydao.org)

**Contracts are currently being developed. Alpha version is not deployed yet.**

## Contributing

Contributions can be made in the form of developing strategies, developing the core, creating issues with feature proposals and reporting bugs in contracts. You can also help solve issues with advice or words of encouragement.

### Rewards

* Developed strategy logic: 30% of Stability Platform fee from all vaults using the strategy (by StrategyLogic NFT)
* Core development: $8+/hour salary by Stability DAO

### Guides

* **[Stability Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)**
* **[Strategy Developer's Guide](./src/strategies/README.md)**
* **[Core Developer's Guide](./src/core/README.md)**

## Versioning

* Stability Platform uses [CalVer](https://calver.org/) scheme **YY.MM.MINOR-TAG**
* Core contracts and strategies use [SemVer](https://semver.org/) scheme **MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**
